likewise and that is for runaway girls
Spanish type of fear just didn't that
lovely blue front of the other rides
thank you okay that it's [ __ ]
embarrassing I said it we got anywhere
near a restaurant giving out flyers it
feels like in the middle of [ __ ]
Michael oof
what the [ __ ] is that looks like a
hairdressing salon dreadful absolutely
shocking Spanish tapas bar I mean looks
like a [ __ ] lap dancing hole today
justin is running front-of-house with
his girlfriend Donna Donna good to see
and this is just it just nice to meet
you excellent
whose idea was this it's a flyer
lunchtime yeah it's something that just
not done since you know from the
business and more people lunchtime but
it does have impact I can see it's got a
lot for getting back today oh yeah I
mean two dishes six pound fifty they
should be flocking in here yeah but then
Justin hasn't exactly created an
atmosphere you'd want to dine in Christ
right dark in here isn't it it looks
like we're in the middle of [ __ ]
Amsterdam yeah it's an issue anything is
missing in here it's [ __ ] Peter
Stringfellow yeah thank you so it's
authentic Spanish tapas yes and the
prices of them I mean there's this not
all these places our prices are
definitely slightly lower than anywhere
else that's selling tapas in Sheffield
tempers are becoming more popular so I
slightly lower than anywhere else in
Sheffield if Justin's way of beating the
competition is with bargain bucket
prices it's no wonder he's in a
financial hole
this could be my cheapest lunch yet
bloody hell the rice is just mush
absolutely mush rabbits are drying
almost like it's been reheated fish to
anything just tastes frozen it's like an
elastic band I've had a [ __ ] ponytail
I put my hair up the duck will [ __ ] me
it looks like a tenner kitty cat almost
like it's been reheated
it's embarrassing to Spain we go into
the middle of Barcelona you tap us it it
arrives instantly they do it on the bar
there and then and it's fresh there's
nothing here that oozes any form of
freshness it's bland it's stale and it's
packed with [ __ ] grease what a waste
that stale slop is an embarrassment it's
time for head chef Richie and his sous
chef Johnny Oh to face the Spanish
Inquisition
sous-chef right how can the fish in a
stew be dry when was that cooked the
fish cuz I can guarantee that wasn't
cooked this morning the duck was sweet
as [ __ ] it was like a mouthful of sugar
that's how are you supposed to be saying
Spanish tapas we've never had a set of
complaints about any particular dish and
then like one there's never anything
ever been sent back yeah and it quite
quite the contrary we were your
confidence you shouldn't use your
customs like a hair dryer blow smoke up
your ass
all I want to know for my customers the
negatives but on top of the [ __ ] food
we can't eat inside a nightclub end of
[ __ ] story okay thank you
all right when you walk in here it does
not look like a [ __ ] restaurant you
know what I mean
looks like a [ __ ] a strip bar I know
this yeah I bought he's got to realize I
can [ __ ] cook